# Association for the Care of Colored Orphans
The Association for the Care of Colored Orphans, also known as “The Shelter,” was founded in Philadelphia by Quaker women in 1822 to care for black orphans, both boys and girls, within a nurturing, home-like environment. In 1915, it relocated to Cheyney, Pa, adjoining the property of Cheyney Training School for Teachers (now Cheyney University) and became a home for girls, known variously as the Shelter for Colored Orphans and the Shelter for Colored Children. In 1965, its name was changed to “Friends Shelter for Girls,” and its mission evolved to serve as a home for teenaged girls, offering training and psychological support. It continued operation until 1981 when it ceased to function as a group home. It was succeeded by the Friends Association for the Care and Protection of Children which functioned as an emergency shelter. (https://archives.tricolib.brynmawr.edu/resources/4008frsh)
## Historical Context
In the 19th century, the term "orphan" did not mean what it does today. Being an orphan did not necessairily mean that both the child's parents were deceased. It meant that the child's parents or guardians was unable to take care of them, so they gave their child to the Association to be cared for and educated until the parents or guardians were able to take care of the children again, at which point they would be picked up from the shelter. Of course, many of the children's parents were dead or dying, but it is important to note this flexibility in the meaning of the term "orphan." 
## What is Contained in this Document
This is a list of the children admitted to the orphanage run by the Association for the Care of Colored Orphans in Philadelphia from 1841-1849. It includes the childrens' names, recorded ages, birthdays (if available), assumed gender, admission date, parent/guardian names (if available), whether the document's signatory used a signature or mark "X" (for literacy data), witnesses to the signing, and notes. 
